feat(profiles): bound dependencies, remove uv.lock files, improve init output (#2754)
canonical/charmcraft: docs/reference/files/pyproject-toml-file.rst

    `pyproject.toml <https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/reference/build-system>`__ in the pip
    documentation.

Charmcraft creates this file with the following contents:

- Dependencies of the charm code, pre-populated with :external+ops:doc:`Ops <index>`
- Dependencies of tests and linters
- Configuration of tests and linters

You'll need to create :ref:`uv-lock-file` and update it if you change your charm's

> dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll need to create and update the :ref:`uv-lock-file` if you change your charm's
dependencies.
```
Missing article before the link text. I also tweaked the wording slightly, but I'm less opinionated there.

Author: I don't like "create and update" as much, as it could be read as meaning that you only need to create the file if you change the dependencies. But you always need to create it after running `charmcraft init`. I've changed the sentence to this:

```
You'll need to create the :ref:`uv-lock-file` and update it if you later change your charm's dependencies.
```

Reviewer: Yours is much better. Thanks!

> For 12-factor app profiles targeting Ubuntu 24.04 LTS or lower: ``pyproject.toml``

Reviewer: (Is that an unsplit hair I see?) Optional:
```suggestion
For 12-factor app charms targeting Ubuntu 24.04 LTS or lower, the ``pyproject.toml`` file
```
Let me know how you feel about the distinction between profiles and the charms created with them.

I've always considered the 'profile' to be the means by which you initialize 12-factor charms. Profiles may support a range of bases, but they don't target one in particular, right? That's something the user decides for the charm they're crafting _with_ a profile.

Author: I see what you mean - thanks for raising this. I also see that "12-factor app charm" is the established wording in the Charmcraft docs. I've switched to this wording throughout.
